GUI INSTRUCTIONS:-----------------
- The Chess Board:
	The chess squares are interactive. They display the current state of the game, and work as
	input widgets to play the game. They react to mouse hovering, clearly indicating the position
	of the cursor, and which square is about to be clicked.
	Clicking a square/piece will select it, which is visible as a white outline around the chess piece
	(empty squares can't be selected). Selecting a square/piece will then highlight all other squares
	to which legal moves can be made, with a red dot. Legal captures are highlighted with a red outline.
	Clicking on a moveable square will perform said chess move and update the board and game logic.
	Only the pieces of the color whose turn it is may be selected, so if a piece is unselectable,
	it is of the wrong color. Correct-color pieces are selectable regardless of whether or not they have
	legal moves available to them.
	After the game is over, the whole board is disabled until a new game is started with the restart button.
- The Restart Button:
	This button starts a new game of chess, resetting the game logic and Chess squares to the starting
	configuration. A new game can be started at any time, regardless of the current state of the game.
- The Theme Combobox:
	Here, different themes (internally color schemes) may be selected. More can be added relatively
	easily in the resource file color_schemes.txt.
- The Flip Board Button:
	clicking this button will rotate/flip the chess board 180 degrees, so that the colors switch sides.
	Convenient if two players are playing. the board can be flipped anytime, even when the game is over.
- The Quit Button:
	it quits.

CHESS MOVEMENT RULES:
- GENERALLY
	pieces can move only into free spaces, or capture opposing pieces.
	stepping over or onto squares with friendly pieces is disallowed.
- PAWNS
	can move only one step at a time, and only in the forward direction.
	They may and must capture diagonally, though; only pieces in the forward
	diagonal squares can be captured, not the ones directly in front.
	On it's first move, a pawn may take a double step forward, but this is an exception.
- KNIGHTS
	can exceptionally jump over other pieces. A knight may move to any square whose center is exactly
	a distance of sqrt(5) chess-square-sides away from the center of it's current square.
- BISHOPS
	may move diagonally up to the edge of the border or another piece.
- ROOKS
	may move straight left, right, up or down, as far as free squares go.
- QUEENS 
	can move anywhere a rook or bishop could move from the same spot.
- KINGS
	may move one step in any of the eight directions.

The game is over when either king is captured, resulting in a win for the capturer and loss for the captured.

	
ADDITIONS/CHANGES TO BASE CODE:----------
- added sum operators to Coord-struct for simpler code
- changed NULL_COORD definition to {MIN_INT, MIN_INT} to free up {-1, -1}
- added 8 const Coords to represent important directions
- added check_moves_in_dir-method to ChessPiece, used for Rook, Bishop and Queen
- changed order of PieceType enum for utility in PieceImage


AMAZING THINGS:-----------------------
I changed the chess piece images completely for my own original pixel art. The board is my art as well.
The flip board and theme options are also extra additions to the project. 
This project relies heavily on the built in mechanics of Qt. Especially QImage is strongly utilized, along with 
QGridLayout and a custom ChessSquareWidget that inherits directly from QWidget. Even QFiles are included!
The resulting project is, I think, very nice and clean.

It seems my additions have caused problems with the automatic verifying in Plussa. 
nevertheless, I'm still very proud of this project!



